What's your purpose?
What purpose can I have?
Thank you for being so handsome.
I can't be simple.
Thousands of people.
Me...
Women older than me aren't interested.
You don't stand a chance.
But I'm better than those women.
To understand you better.
You went to school before you were 10, right?
Everybody knows.
So...
Food of Thanh Son village
Where did this picture come from?
Of course I did.
But he had a nephew who picked it up from the trash.
He showed me a picture.
Don't tell me you looked much nicer as a kid than you do now.
Give me the picture.
What if you don't?
I didn't say after you were picked up by rich people.
Never once visited him.
Why should I give you such an ungrateful person?
You give me the address.
I can give you money.
How much do you want?
I want to.